.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

### Purpose of this PR
Why is this PR needed, what hard problem is it solving/fixing?

---
### Release Notes
Please add any useful notes about the feature/fix that might be helpful for others.

---
### Testing status
**Katana Tests**: First off we need to make sure the Katana SRP tests are green?

**Manual Tests**: What did you do?
- [ ] Opened test project + Run graphic tests locally
- [ ] Built a player
- [ ] Checked new UI names with UX convention
- [ ] Tested UI multi-edition + Undo/Redo
- [ ] C# and shader warnings (supress shader cache to see them)
- Other: 

**Automated Tests**: What did you setup? (Add a screenshot or the reference image of the test please)

Any test projects to go with this to help reviewers?

Launch Katana (Link on master here - update for your branch):
https://katana.bf.unity3d.com/projects/com.unity.render-pipelines/builders?ScriptableRenderLoop_branch=master&automation-tools_branch=master&unity_branch=trunk&sort=1-asc

---
### Overall Product Risks
**Technical Risk**: None, Low, Medium, High?

**Halo Effect**: None, Low, Medium, High?

---
### Comments to reviewers
Notes for the reviewers you have assigned.

Commit message:

Hdrp/fix resources again (#3580)
* Update RenderPipelineResources.cs

* Add resources check in PR template

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

### Purpose of this PR
Why is this PR needed, what hard problem is it solving/fixing?

---
### Release Notes
Please add any useful notes about the feature/fix that might be helpful for others.

---
### Testing status
**Katana Tests**: First off we need to make sure the Katana SRP tests are green?

**Manual Tests**: What did you do?
- [ ] Opened test project + Run graphic tests locally
- [ ] Built a player
- [ ] Checked new UI names with UX convention
- [ ] Tested UI multi-edition + Undo/Redo
- [ ] C# and shader warnings (supress shader cache to see them)
- [ ] Checked new resources path for the reloader (in devloper mode, you have a button at end of resources that check the pathes)
- Other: 

**Automated Tests**: What did you setup? (Add a screenshot or the reference image of the test please)

Any test projects to go with this to help reviewers?

Launch Katana (Link on master here - update for your branch):
https://katana.bf.unity3d.com/projects/com.unity.render-pipelines/builders?ScriptableRenderLoop_branch=master&automation-tools_branch=master&unity_branch=trunk&sort=1-asc

---
### Overall Product Risks
**Technical Risk**: None, Low, Medium, High?

**Halo Effect**: None, Low, Medium, High?

---
### Comments to reviewers
Notes for the reviewers you have assigned.
