com.unity.shadergraph/Documentation~/Shader-Graph-Window.md, before:

# Shader Graoh Window

## Description

The **Shader Graph Window** contains the workspace for creating shaders using the **Shader Graph** system. To open the **Shader Graph Window** you must first create a [Shader Graph Asset](index.md). For more information see the [Getting Started](Getting-Started.md) section.

The **Shader Graph** window contains various individual elements such as the [Blackboard](Blackboard.md) and [Master Preview](Master-Preview.md). These elements can be moved inside the workspace. They will automatically anchor to the nearest corner when scaling the **Shader Graph Window**.

## Title Bar

The title bar at the top of the **Shader Graph Window** contains actions that can be performed on the **Graph**.

| Item        | Description |
|:------------|:------------|
| Save Asset | Saves the graph to update the [Shader Graph Asset](index.md) |
| Show In Project | Hightlights the [Shader Graph Asset](index.md) in the [Project Window](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/ProjectView.html) |

## Workspace

The workspace is where you create [Node](Node.md) networks. 
You can navigate the workspace by holding Alt and left mouse button to pan and zoom with the scroll wheel.

You can hold left mouse button and drag to select multiple [Nodes](Node.md) with a marquee. There are also various shortcut keys to use for better workflow.

| Hotkey      | Windows     | OSX         | Description |
|:------------|:------------|:------------|:------------|
| Cut | Ctrl + X | Command + X | Cuts selected [Nodes](Node.md) to the clipboard
| Copy | Ctrl + C | Command + C | Copies selected [Nodes](Node.md) to the clipboard
| Paste | Ctrl + V | Command + V | Pastes [Nodes](Node.md) in the clipboard
| Focus | F | F | Focus the workspace on all or selected [Nodes](Node.md)
| Create Node | Spacebar | Spacebar | Opens the [Create Node Menu](Create-Node-Menu.md)

## Context Menu

Right clicking within the workspace will open a context menu. Note that right clicking on an item within the workspace, such as a [Node](Node.md), will open the context menu for that item and not the workspace.

| Item        | Description |
|:------------|:------------|
| Create Node | Opens the [Create Node Menu](Create-Node-Menu.md) |
| Cut | Cuts selected [Nodes](Node.md) to the clipboard |
| Copy | Copies selected [Nodes](Node.md) to the clipboard |
| Paste | Pastes [Nodes](Node.md) in the clipboard |
| Delete | Deletes selected [Nodes](Node.md) |
| Duplicate | Duplicates selected [Nodes](Node.md) |
| Collapse Previews | Collapses previews on all [Nodes](Node.md) |
| Expand Previews | Expands previews on all [Nodes](Node.md) |

Commit message:

Color Mode Feature - color nodes by category or custom user colors (#3605)
* First pass at color-by-category for SG

* these colors make your eyes bleed less

* Save custom colors in nodes, redraw fixes, color provider selection saved per-graph.

* proposal for new category colors

* Move Custom Color serialization to its own class.

* docs draft 01

* * Move ColorProviders to their own files
* Make default color overrides a little more flexible in uss
* A little cleanup

* Rename Color Mode dropdown and fix perf issue in dropdown gui

* Fix default provider to index properly

* Pre-PR cleanup of includes and unnecessary accidental modifications

* update to the color mode docs

* Fix PR issues - better naming, eol's at eof, add and remove some comments

* Change nullable paradigm for colors to use a `bool TryGet(ref Color c)` approach instead.

* Fix Color Mode dropdown layout issue

* Change how IColorProvider API works to make API much more straightforward.

* Add Undo for custom node colors

* Minor PR feedback

* Save Color Mode as a user setting, rather than per-graph.

* Color-blind-friendly default category colors, approved by UX

* Update changelog with Color Mode.

com.unity.shadergraph/Documentation~/Shader-Graph-Window.md, after:

# Shader Graph Window

## Description

The **Shader Graph Window** contains the workspace for creating shaders using the **Shader Graph** system. To open the **Shader Graph Window** you must first create a [Shader Graph Asset](index.md). For more information see the [Getting Started](Getting-Started.md) section.

The **Shader Graph** window contains various individual elements such as the [Blackboard](Blackboard.md) and [Master Preview](Master-Preview.md). These elements can be moved inside the workspace. They will automatically anchor to the nearest corner when scaling the **Shader Graph Window**.

## Title Bar

The title bar at the top of the **Shader Graph Window** contains actions that can be performed on the **Graph**.

| Item        | Description |
|:------------|:------------|
| Save Asset | Saves the graph to update the [Shader Graph Asset](index.md) |
| Show In Project | Hightlights the [Shader Graph Asset](index.md) in the [Project Window](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/ProjectView.html) |
| Color Mode | Provides the drop down menu to select a [Color Mode](Color-Modes.md) for the graph. |
| Blackboard | Toggles visibility of the [Blackboard](Blackboard.md). |
| Master Preview | Toggles visbility of the [Master Preview](Master-Preview.md). |

## Workspace

The workspace is where you create [Node](Node.md) networks. 
You can navigate the workspace by holding Alt and left mouse button to pan and zoom with the scroll wheel.

You can hold left mouse button and drag to select multiple [Nodes](Node.md) with a marquee. There are also various shortcut keys to use for better workflow.

| Hotkey      | Windows     | OSX         | Description |
|:------------|:------------|:------------|:------------|
| Cut | Ctrl + X | Command + X | Cuts selected [Nodes](Node.md) to the clipboard
| Copy | Ctrl + C | Command + C | Copies selected [Nodes](Node.md) to the clipboard
| Paste | Ctrl + V | Command + V | Pastes [Nodes](Node.md) in the clipboard
| Focus | F | F | Focus the workspace on all or selected [Nodes](Node.md)
| Create Node | Spacebar | Spacebar | Opens the [Create Node Menu](Create-Node-Menu.md)

## Context Menu

Right clicking within the workspace will open a context menu. Note that right clicking on an item within the workspace, such as a [Node](Node.md), will open the context menu for that item and not the workspace.

| Item        | Description |
|:------------|:------------|
| Create Node | Opens the [Create Node Menu](Create-Node-Menu.md) |
| Cut | Cuts selected [Nodes](Node.md) to the clipboard |
| Copy | Copies selected [Nodes](Node.md) to the clipboard |
| Paste | Pastes [Nodes](Node.md) in the clipboard |
| Delete | Deletes selected [Nodes](Node.md) |
| Duplicate | Duplicates selected [Nodes](Node.md) |
| Collapse Previews | Collapses previews on all [Nodes](Node.md) |
| Expand Previews | Expands previews on all [Nodes](Node.md) |
