<tr>
<td><strong>Material Type</strong></td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>Specifies a type for the material. This allows you to customize the material with different settings depending on the type you select. The options are:<br/>&#8226; <strong>Subsurface Scattering</strong>: Applies the <a href="skin-and-diffusive-surfaces-subsurface-scattering.md">subsurface scattering</a> workflow to the material. Subsurface scattering simulates the way light interacts with and penetrates translucent objects, such as skin or plant leaves. When light penetrates the surface of a subsurface scattering material, it scatters and blurs before exiting the surface at a different point.<br/>&#8226; <strong>Standard</strong>: Applies the basic metallic Shader workflow to the material. This is the default <strong>Material Type</strong>.<br/>&#8226; <strong>Anisotropy</strong>: Applies the anisotropic workflow to the material. The highlights of Anisotropic surfaces change in appearance as you view the material from different angles. Use this <strong>Material Type</strong> to create materials with anisotropic highlights. For example, brushed metal or velvet.<br/>&#8226; <strong>Iridescence</strong>: Applies the Iridescence workflow to the material. Iridescent surfaces appear to gradually change color as the angle of view or angle of illumination changes. Use this <strong>Material Type</strong> to create materials like soap bubbles, iridescent metal, or insect wings.<br/>&#8226; <strong>Specular Color</strong>: Applies the Specular Color workflow to the material. Use this <strong>Material Type</strong> to create Materials with a coloured specular highlight. For more information, refer to <a href="https://docs.unity3d.com/Documentation/Manual/StandardShaderMetallicVsSpecular.html">Metallic and specular workflows</a>.<br/>&#8226; <strong>Translucent</strong>: Applies the Translucent workflow to the material. Use this <strong>Material Type</strong>, and a thickness map, to simulate a translucent material. In contrast to <strong>Subsurface Scattering</strong> materials, <strong>Translucent</strong> materials do not blur light that transmits through the material.<br/>For more information about the feature and for the list of properties each <strong>Material Type</strong> exposes, see the <a href="Material-Type.md">Material Type documentation</a>.  </td>
</tr>
