<tr>
<td>**Material Type**</td>
<td>Specifies a type for the material. This allows you to customize the material with different settings depending on the type you select. The options are:<br/>&#8226; **Subsurface Scattering**: Applies the [subsurface scattering](../../../Subsurface-Scattering.md) workflow to the material. Subsurface scattering simulates the way light interacts with and penetrates translucent objects, such as skin or plant leaves. When light penetrates the surface of a subsurface scattering material, it scatters and blurs before exiting the surface at a different point.<br/>&#8226; **Standard**: Applies the basic metallic Shader workflow to the material. This is the default **Material Type**.<br/>&#8226; **Anisotropy**: Applies the anisotropic workflow to the material. The highlights of Anisotropic surfaces change in appearance as you view the material from different angles. Use this **Material Type** to create materials with anisotropic highlights. For example, brushed metal or velvet.<br/>&#8226; **Iridescence**: Applies the Iridescence workflow to the material. Iridescent surfaces appear to gradually change color as the angle of view or angle of illumination changes. Use this **Material Type** to create materials like soap bubbles, iridescent metal, or insect wings.<br/>&#8226; **Specular Color**: Applies the Specular Color workflow to the material. Use this **Material Type** to create Materials with a coloured specular highlight. This is similar to the [built-in Specular Shader](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/StandardShaderMaterialParameterSpecular.html).<br/>&#8226; **Translucent**: Applies the Translucent workflow to the material. Use this **Material Type**, and a thickness map, to simulate a translucent material. In contrast to **Subsurface Scattering** materials, **Translucent** materials do not blur light that transmits through the material.<br/>For more information about the feature and for the list of properties each **Material Type** exposes, see the [Material Type documentation](../../../Material-Type.md).  </td>
</tr>

